Tiles
=====

Tiles have 3 layers:
	1. TileType: The base layer which is static and is determined by the world generator.
		Examples: Grass, Ocean, Snow.
		
	2. Placement: A placement is a stateful modification to the base tile type. 
		Examples: Over grass a placement could be 'Tilled Earth'.
				  Over deep ocean can be a fishing spot.
				  Over a rock tile could be a rock to mine.
				  Over water could be a bridge.
				  Over any land could be a fence.
				  Over any land could be a gate.
		
		Placements can just hold state or may also have logic they want to do every tick. For example, a 'Tilled Earth' 
		placement can be ticked to 'grow' a seed that it may have in its container layer. Whether this placement is in a 
		state of being watered could mean that this process happens quicker. A fishing spot may need need to tick in order 
		to determine whether to trigger a player fishing at that spot to catch a fish.
		
		Placements that wouldn't need to tick are things like a bridge placement, or a fence.
		
		Placements define whether they are walkable. For example, a fence post placement will not be walkable, but tilled
		earth would be until it grows a plant. Maybe, walking ton to a tilled earth placement when there is a plant will 
		kill the plant and clear the container layer (which may hold goods produced by the plant).
		
		Items can be used on placements to:
			1. Change State: E.g. using a full watering can on 'Tilled Earth' will set it to be WATERED for some ticks.
			2. Destroy the placement.
		
	3. Container: The container layer can have items put it/taken out of it. Some containers can have only specific 
		items types placed in them.
	
		Tickable placements can take action on the items that are in the container. For example, putting a seed in the 
		container of a tile the has a 'Tilled earth' placement will prompt the placement to eventually put the fruit of
		the plant it grows into in a container slot.
		
		Some slots in a container can be 'TAKE ONLY', meaning that a placement is the only thing that can place an item there. 
		
		Dropping an item on the ground (must not already be a container there) creates a container for that tile and puts the
		dropped item in it.
		

Priority
========

Every tickable placement will have priority (LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH). The priority of a tickable placement mean different things.
 1. LOW: The placement will ONLY be ticked if a player or adjoining placement directly interacts with the placement. (e.g. switch)
 2. MEDIUM: The placement will be ticked by the game engine AS LONG as the chunk it resides in is active.
 3. HIGH: The placement will be ticked by the game engine at all times, as its presence in a chunk means that the chunk is ALWAYS active.
 